Add readme (#14)
yarastqt/themekit: README.md

```ts
type Config = {
  src: string
  platforms?: 'common' | 'deskpad' | 'desktop' | 'touch' | 'touch-pad' | 'touch-phone'
  formats: {
    [key: string]: {
      outDir: string
      fileName?: string
      transforms: string[]
    }
  }
}
```

You can add your own formats, platforms and transforms, see more at [extending](#extending) section.

### platforms

Each platform contains one or more levels, and tokens declared on these levels will be combined in the specified order.

Default set of available platforms:

| platform    | levels                            |
|-------------|-----------------------------------|
| common      | common                            |
| deskpad     | common, deskpad                   |
| desktop     | common, deskpad, desktop          |
| touch       | common, touch                     |
| touch-pad   | common, deskpad, touch, touch-pad |
| touch-phone | common, touch, touch-phone        |

### formats

Formats are responsible for what files will be created in the end and what they will contain.

#### css.whitepaper

Coming soon.

#### json.whitepaper

Coming soon.

#### css.flat

Coming soon.

#### js.esm

Coming soon.

### transforms

> Transforms are responsible for changing the name or value of tokens depending on the type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transforms are responsible for changing tokens' names and values. It depends on the type.
```

#### name.param

Convert token name to `param-case` for usage at `css` or `json`, example:

```sh
# input
button_space_all: '20px'
# output
button-space-all: '20px'
```

#### name.const

Convert token name to `CONST_CASE` for usage at `js`, example:

```sh
# input
button_space_all: '20px'
# output
BUTTON_SPACE_ALL: '20px'
```

#### color.hex

> Convert color to hex if possible, otherwise use rgba scheme, also can process color by hsl scheme, example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Convert color to hex format or use rgba scheme, you can also process color by hsl scheme, for example:
```

```sh
# input
button_bg_color: 'color(#04b h(+22) s(-80%) l(+13%))'
# output
button_bg_color: 'rgb(102, 102, 153)'
```

## Example

> More usage cases you can find in [examples][examples], in current example, we will consider of a `css.whitepaper` format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
More examples you can see in [examples][examples].
E.g `css.whitepaper` format:
```

### prepare fs

> The location of the files on the file system is not strictly regulated, at this example is one of the possible options:

Reviewer: It doesn't matter where you put your files on the fs. Here is our example of how we do it:

```
├── themekit.config.js
└── src
    └── themes
        └── tokens
            ├── capacity.tokens.ts
            ├── color.tokens.ts
            ├── cosmetic.tokens.ts
            ├── size.tokens.ts
            └── space.tokens.ts
```

### themekit.config.js

> Add base config with usage `css.whitepaper` format with `css.name` and `color.nex` transforms in config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add base config with `css.whitepaper` format and `css.name` and `color.nex` transforms:
```

```js
/**
 * @type {import('@yandex/themekit/lib/core/config').Config}
 */
module.exports = {
  src: ['./src/themes/tokens/*.tokens.ts'],
  platforms: ['desktop'],
  formats: {
    'css.whitepaper': {
      outDir: './src/themes',
      transforms: ['name.param', 'color.hex'],
    },
  },
}
```

### theme tokens

> Add tokens for two platforms `common` and `desktop`, also need add meta section for define result css selector:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add tokens for two platforms `common` and `desktop`, we also need to add meta section for define result CSS selector:
```

```ts
// src/themes/tokens/space.tokens.ts
import { withTokens } from '@yandex/themekit';

export const tokens = {
  space_m: '20px',
}

export type Tokens = typeof tokens

export default withTokens<Tokens>(($tokens) => ({
  common: {
    input_space_all: $tokens.space_m,
  },
  desktop: {
    meta: { css: '.Theme_space_desktop' },
    button_space_all: $tokens.space_m,
  },
}))(tokens)
```

### result

> As a result, we will get the following files on the file system:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is the result:
```

```
├── themekit.config.js
└── src
    └── themes
        ├── space.tokens
        │   └── desktop
        │       └── index.css
        └── tokens
            └── space.tokens.ts
```

> and the next file with styles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and file with styles:
```

```css
/* src/themes/space.tokens/desktop/index.css */
.Theme_space_desktop {
  --input-space-all: 20px;
  --button-space-all: 20px;
}
```

## Tokens

### interface

> A token may be full or short record, also tokens may be nested:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A token may full or short record. Tokens may be nested:
```
